Computer Dealer
Human Player

Start with a nomal deck of cars,
a represenation of a deck will be created with python
with OOP


Computer Dealer -> Bank Role
Human Player -> places a bet
Deck with 52 Cards

PC start with 1 card face up and 1 card face down
P start with 2 cards face up

P goes first:
P Goal: Get close to a total value of 21 than the dealer does
    1. Hit(Receive another card)
    2. Stay(Stop Receiving Cards)
    We'll ignore actions like 'Insurande', 'Split', 'Double', 'Down'
    Maybe include later

Hit -> new card -> 3 cards -> sum
Stay -> 2 cards -> sum

After P turn:
If P under 21, PC hits until they either beat the P or the PC busts.

Game End: Player Busts
If P keeps hitting and goes over 21, they bust and lost the bet.
The game is then over and dealer collects the money

Game End: PC beats Player
After P-Turn: If P is under 21. Dealer then hits until they either beat the player or the PC busts.
PC sum higher than player sum and still under 21.

Game End: Player Wins



Special Rules:
    Face Cards (Jack, Queen, King) count as value of 10
    Aces can count as either 1 or 11, whichever value is preferable to the player




Milestone Project 2 - Blackjack Game
In this milestone project you will be creating a Complete BlackJack Card Game in Python.

Here are the requirements:

    You need to create a simple text-based BlackJack game
    The game needs to have one player versus an automated dealer.
    The player can stand or hit.
    The player must be able to pick their betting amount.
    You need to keep track of the player's total money.
    You need to alert the player of wins, losses, or busts, etc...
    And most importantly:

You must use OOP and classes in some portion of your game.
You can not just use functions in your game.
Use classes to help you define the Deck and the Player's hand.
There are many right ways to do this, so explore it well!
Feel free to expand this game. Try including multiple players.
Try adding in Double-Down and card splits!
Remember to you are free to use any resources you want and as always:

HAVE FUN!


